Chinese Evergreen?
This tough indoor plant comes in a range of colors and combinations. Some varieties also produce calla-lily-like flowers when planted in well-lit locations. As the plant is a slow grower, it can also be a great addition to coffee tables and desks when it is young.

Best Aglaonema Varieties
1. Chinese Evergreen
Best Aglaonema Varieties


This beautiful specimen, with white striped green leaves and pale green stems, is also ranked as one of the top air-cleaning plants in the famous NASA list.

2. Burmese Evergreen

An ideal choice for low-light spaces like offices and homes, this variety stays lush even in the minimalistic sun.


3. Red Peacock
Best Aglaonema Varieties 2

Its green leaves are designed with pink veins and streaks, which makes for an alluring houseplant. Keep it in bright light for optimum growth and the best display of its colors.

4. Red Ruby

amour.plants
Red Ruby Aglaonema is a captivating variety with rich pink-red leaves covered in green spots along the veins and the edges. Its spectacular colors can light up any home.


5. Emerald Bay
Best Aglaonema Varieties 3
Emerald Bay features a fantastic blend of dark green edges with a silver-gray center. It is more tolerant of low-light conditions than other variegated varieties.

6. Harlequin

Image Source – ManilaPlantDepot
Harlequin changes its appearance according to light. It stays green with yellow splotches and pink veins in the shade, while light makes the leaves take a uniform yellow tint with pink hues.

7. Silver Queen
Best Aglaonema Varieties 4

The silver-green variegated leaves are lance-shaped that look stunning on short stems. The best part of the plant is–it continues to look gorgeous irrespective of the changes in light.

8. Silver King

‘Silver King’ has dark green leaves with silver beaming from the prime vein of the leaf. It survives in dim-lit areas, rooms with indirect light, hallways, and offices.

9. Maria Christina
Best Aglaonema Varieties 6
It looks quite similar to Aglaonema ‘Silver Queen,’ albeit with slightly smaller and dense foliage growth. Also, it is more cold-tolerant too!

10. Maria


Native to the Philippines, it is also popular as Emerald Beauty. This slow-growing variety has deep and light green patterned foliage and is also very easy to care for and maintain.

11. Anyanmanee

If you love your houseplants with spotted leaves, then this will win your heart with its dusty pink spots on dark green wide leaves!

12. Georgi’s Ruby
Best Aglaonema Varieties 11
An award-winning plant, the plant has a mix of dark and light green foliage, variegated with chartreuse and dark pink hues.


13. BJ Freeman
Best Aglaonema Varieties 8
Image Source-garden.org
The plant features large leaves with gray, green, and white markings. It is a dependable specimen when it comes to low maintenance and lighting requirements.

14. Black Lance


‘Black Lance’ is a tall, upright variety that displays long and narrow, deep green leaves with a broad strip of a silver-green streak in the middle of the foliage.

15. Brilliant
Best Aglaonema Varieties 9
Just like the name, the leaves are brilliantly mottled with cream-white midrib and creamy-gray splotches on a dark green surface. It also purifies the air and is considered to bring good luck.

16. Cory
Best Aglaonema Varieties 9
Image Source-mashrita
This aglaonema variety produces charming leaves patterned with silver-green feathery stripes on white or cream-colored stems. It also has good tolerance to cold.

17. Deborah
Best Aglaonema Varieties 10
Deborah’s foliage has dark green edges and a matching gray-green center with veins. This low-maintenance variety is ideal for someone who’s got black thumbs.

18. Emerald Star


Emerald Sta has a vigorous growth rate and features dense multicolored foliage with a mix of dark and light green spots. It also handles cold very well.

19. Red Gold
Best Aglaonema Varieties 11
This cultivar shows off its best colors when kept in sunlight, but afternoon shade is a must. The leaves have a mix of green, gold, and cream, with borders covered with an exceptional shade of red.

20. Siam Aurora

This beautiful Aglaonema variety is a less common cultivar with bold pink edges on green leaves. It grows upright and tolerates low light conditions and also rounds up as a lucky plant, according to Feng Shui.

21. Abidjan
Best Aglaonema Varieties 7
A rare specimen, it is a tough plant that has long and wide camouflage foliage with gray-green splotches. It is quite tolerant of shade, which makes it great for low-lit rooms.

22. Amelia
Best Aglaonema Varieties 75
‘Amelia’ is another beautiful variety with variegated dark green, silver-gray leaves. The dense foliage can bring tremendous beauty to the corners with minimalistic demands.

23. Commutatum

This evergreen perennial resembles a dumb cane in looks. It is native to northeastern Celebes and the Philippines and grows up to 1-2 feet in height.

24. Pictum Tricolor
Best Aglaonema Varieties 76
Image Credit: Greenfloristore
This plant is mainly found in Nias and Sumatra Islands. It is a slow-growing sub-tropical plant that has shiny leaves with astonishing colors!

25. Tigress

The long foliage makes for a bushy indoor plant, and the olive-green-colored leaves with green-white stripes are from where the plant derives its name.

26. Wishes
Best Aglaonema Varieties 78
Image Credit: Plants and Friend
This variety stands out because of its foliage. With shades of pink to red-colored leaves, this cultivar makes for an excellent houseplant. It is one of the Best Aglaonema Varieties!

27. Chocolate

 

This dark green-colored plant has light pink to red-colored veins that need very little or no maintenance. Chocolate is one of the darker Aglaonema varieties.

28. Cutlass
Best Aglaonema Varieties 79
Image Credit: Whiteflowerfarm
With its long, slim leaves in the shape of a blade, Cutlass really seems to be living up to its name. The color of the foliage is pale silver-green with markings in dark green.

29. Rotundum

plantsguru
It is a decorative plant with many interesting varieties to choose from. For best colors, keep it at a spot where it can get bright, indirect light.

30. Pink Moon
Best Aglaonema Varieties 80
reddit
It is an attractive plant that tolerates low light conditions. The freckles and spots of pink and whites on the foliage make it quite stunning!

31. Lady Valentine

While most of the varieties are found in shades of green, the ‘Lady Valentine’ comes in the shade of pink. The care is similar to its green counterparts, with minimal differences.

32. White Rain
Best Aglaonema Varieties 81
urbansproutsstore
Aglaonema White Rain offers attractive variegated foliage with a white-cream colored stem that flows through the leaf’s center.

33. Golden Madonna

Image Credit: Nurturestate
It has cream-colored stems with green and gold spotted foliage. Golden Madonna makes for an excellent houseplant, especially for tabletops.

34. Spring Snow
Best Aglaonema Varieties 82
Aglaonema ‘Spring Snow’ is mostly known for its beautifully patterned leaves in white and green that can grow comparatively taller over time. This plant is easy to care for.

35. Favonian

The Chinese evergreen variety is another easy-to-care-for plant. It looks stunning, with pink splashed leaves having a green edge.

36. Emerald Beauty
Best Aglaonema Varieties 83

Aglaonema Emerald Beauty is good for low light. It looks attractive with spots of light green and white on the foliage.

https://balconygardenweb.com/best-aglaonema-varieties-chinese-evergreen-types/
